Hello, I'm Chinese.
I was kidnapped,
and just escaped.
Can you please save me?
Report, there's a girl
at the door who was kidnapped,
and just escaped.
I am a diplomat here,
my name is Du Ying.
Drink some water first. Little sister,
don't be afraid. What exactly
happened?
Also, do you remember who
kidnapped you?
If I say Huo Jiuling did it,
will the authorities arrest him?
Strictly speaking,
I wasn't really kidnapped.
Huo Jiuling held me against my will.
I don't want the authorities to arrest Huo Jiuling,
I just want to leave him,
leave here, and go home.
Don't be afraid,
you can tell us anything,
we can definitely help you.
I don't know who my kidnapper was,
I just want to go home now,
can you send me back
home? By the way,
my home is in Bangkok.
Is Huo Jiuling
already after me?